This lonely man and widow can easily be misunderstood
Although those who speak clearly
But once this kind of thing is misunderstood
That's 10 mouths that can't tell
How about this?
Mei is not afraid of a woman
You are a big man and you are afraid that I will eat it, don't you believe it?
sister
I didn't mean that
Okay, that's it
In the afternoon, I will accompany you to report to Dr. Zhou
Say you're my distant cousin
That way they won't say anything
That's a good excuse
If you don't speak, I'll take it as your default.
So I'm going to take a shower first
How about you tidy up the rest of the room?
What room?
I've cleaned up pretty clean all my life
Then thank you sister
Dr. Zhou is there
He seems to be healing Mo Yi
This is not something good at looking